Ha Dinh, what's going on?
He used to be a repairman.
Responsible for villa maintenance
Being able to unlock this is normal.
I say go.
I almost let this bitch deceive me.
I thought this villa belonged to you.
I'll call the property later.
Ask him to cancel your permission.
This house looks like a castle.
It takes a lot of money.
Oh, it's okay.
One hundred million.
One hundred million one hundred million
Even the red wine next door cannot be bought.
Are not. Why are you still here?
Do you owe me as a down payment?
I wonder how much it will cost to renovate this villa?
That's right, our living room.
Just want to lie low.
Red wine worth more than 100 million
I have never touched it in my life.
Cortin, turn on the lights.
Today let's open a bottle of red wine to celebrate.
Okay.
Star?
When you buy a house
The manager wouldn't let him see the house.
Access control cannot find a place to live.
I also don't know where to turn the light on.
I've just been here too long. I'll find it right away.
Okay, okay, stop looking.
Hello ice, honey.
Turn on the light.